Everything is split into three folders in the Go folder- `bin`, `pkg` and `src`. `pkg` is where go saves external packages. `bin` is for executables, and `src` is for your source code. There’s some really cool setups, your team probably has something more sophisticated then anything I could explain so we’ll stick with the basics for now. For this stuff, you can just use `go run <whatever your file name is (with the .go)>` in the src folder.
This follows the [Go tour](https://tour.golang.org/welcome/1) so you can use that as a guide too, if you want.

## Step 1: Write a function that prints a line to the console

Make a folder in `src` and make a Go file in that. Don’t forget to add the package, your IDE might add the imports for you as you use them, otherwise you’ll need to add them too (just `fmt` for now)

```
import "fmt"
```

OR

```
import (
  "fmt"
)
```

Your entry point to a program written in Go needs to be a function called `main` in the “main” package. Check the [fmt godoc](https://golang.org/pkg/fmt/) if you’re not sure about how to print.

Once it runs and prints, you’re all good to go.

## Step 2: Make it print the current time

Go has a package for time stuff called “time”. Bring up the [godoc](https://golang.org/pkg/time/) on that too. Godocs are usually arranged in such a way that they’ll introduce a type, mention the methods that return that type (you can use these to create an object of that type) and then all the functions you can call on that type. Check those for the `Time` object. Pick a function that’ll give you an object that is the current time (hint: you’re going to need to get a `Time` first, and then set it).

Depending on what print function you’ve used, you can add the time to the print statement in a number of ways. `Println` will let you pass in any number of arguments to it, and take care of printing them for you. `Printf` uses C like string formatting. You have a couple of options for printing here. See how `Time` has a `String` function on it? That’s a pretty common one to see on types, it tells Go how to convert that type to a string. This means you can use the string flag (`%s`) and Go will change it for you! You don’t even need to call `.String()` yourself. You can also use `%v`, which expects the type `interface{}`- this is an empty interface. We’ll get into this more later, but essentially this is Go’s version of generics (to be of an interface type in Go, the type of the object needs to implement at least all of the methods in that interface- since this interface has no methods, every type implements it).

Now it should be printing the time! Check the `Format` function on `Time` and have a play around with the output. `Format` is a bit different in Go, to pass it the time format to print you write out a specific time in the format you expect it to return (the specific date is the 2nd January 2006, it’s in the docs). So if I wanted the output to look like “Monday, 2nd January 2006” that’s the string I’d give it.

## Step 3: Packages

Let’s move your print statement to another package, so you can see how that works. Create another file, and give it a different package name. Create a function and put your code in there.

When you try to compile this (potentially even before depending on your ide!) Go is going to be like nope, not on. It doesn’t like having two package names in one folder. Create another folder and move your file there.

For relative imports, Go expects it to be `$GOPATH/src/your path` (drop the `$GOPATH/src` part). So it should be something like `youroriginalfoldername/thenewfoldername`.
Call your function from `main()` by using `whateverYourNewPackageNameIs.WhateverYouCalledTheFunction()`
Make sure the function name is capitalised! Go doesn’t use private/public/package as keywords, it distinguishes based on capitalisation (lowercase is private/package, uppercase is public)
