In Go, function parameters are declared `name type`. You can declare multiple parameters of the same type like `one, two(,three, …) type`.
Go doesn’t allow for optional arguments, you’d have to write the default into the code, e.g.

```func thisIsAFunction(one int, two string) {
    if two == "" {
    two = "this is the default value"
    }
}```.

Go lets you return multiple things:
```func returnMultiple() (firstReturnType, secondReturnType) {}```

You can also used named return values (this isn’t used very often, from what I’ve seen).
```func doSomething(x int) (returnValue int) {
    returnValue = x + 1
    // When you return here, it returns returnValue
    return
}```
The equivalent of this without named return values would be
```func doSomething(x int) int {
    returnValue := x + 1
    return returnValue
}```
(You don’t need brackets around a single return value)

`:=` is used for declaring and initialising a variable in one line. Sometimes, you need to declare the variable before you initialise it.
```var variableName variableType```
And then you can use a regular `=` to assign to it. When you use `:=` you don’t need to declare the type, Go figures it out based on what you’re assigning it. When you’re declaring it without initialising it, you do need the type, because Go needs to know how much memory to allocate that variable. When declaring variables, you can use `var` or `const`, `const` works the same as other languages. Go will complain if you declare a `var` and don’t use it, but isn’t fussed if you declare a `const` and don’t use it (you might not use a const in a package, but it might be exported for others to use)(Your const will need to start with capitals if you plan on exporting it). You can’t declare a `const` with `:=`.

Go’s types are pretty much like most other languages, except floats. There is no `float`, the most basic `float` is `float32` (there is `int` though). A rune is a character. When you declare a basic type and don’t assign to it, it gets a zero value (0, false, “”, etc). Since Go is strictly typed, you need to tell it to convert when you want to do that. It’s fine about converting to a type that *adds* precision, but isn’t so happy about converting to a type that *losses* precision
```thisIsAFloat := float32(8) // 8 is an int, Go is happy

thisIsAnInt := int(8.2) // Go is upset (constant 8.2 truncated to integer)

//But you can make it work like this-

thisIsAnInt := int(thisIsAFloat)```


## Loops
Go has one loop, the `for`. You can do everything you can do in other loops in other languages with the `for` loop.  Don’t use brackets around the for loop declaration, but you do need {} after it, even for one line loops. If statements are (basically) the same (optional (), but must use {})(If will still compile If you use () around the condition).
```for i := 0; i < 10; i++ {
    fmt.Println(i)
}```
You don’t need to declare/initialise a variable for the loop, or to do something do that variable afterwards (the bits in the [])
```for [i := 0]; i < 10;[ i++ ]{```
This makes it like a `while` loop!
```done := false
for !done {
…```
You can make infinite loops with `for {}`.

## Switches
Go has really nice switch statements!
    ```comparisonValue := 3
    switch comparisonValue {
    case 1:
        fmt.Println("it's one")
    case 2:
        fmt.Println("it's two")
    case 3, 4:
        fmt.Println("it's three or four")
    default:
        fmt.Println("it's more than four or less than zero")
    }```

Couple of things here- you don’t need break! Every statement is self contained. You can have multiple values for a case, like 3,4. If you wanted case 2 to do something first, and then do the 3,4 case, we can use `fall through` to manually tell it to fallthrough. Each case will be evaluated in the order you declare (case 1, case 2, case 3,4 …). So if your first condition is met, none of the other conditions will be evaluated.
If you don’t add a variable to compare on in the `switch` line, you can manually check your conditions-
    ```comparisonValue := 3
    switch {
    case comparisonValue < 2:
        fmt.Println("it's less than two")
    default:
        fmt.Println("it's more than two")
    }```

Defer just says “do this later”. It’s usually used for things you have to clean up later, like closing a channel after you open it (we might cover this later, it’s a bit more complicated). Defers are executed last in first out.
````
