## Pointers
Pointers work like C pointers.
A struct is a data type you create, since Go is typed, you're gonna make a few of these. You declare them like

## Structs
```go
type YourStructName struct {
  unexportedField int
  ExportedField int
}
```

(`YourStructName` will be avaliable in other packages, if it was called `yourStructName` it wouldn't be).
If we try to use this in another package like

```go
  thisIsAVariable := packageName.YourStructName{
    ExportedField: 2,
    unexportedField: 1
  }
```
We'll get an error for trying to assign to `unexportedField`. You can use
```go
  thisIsAVariable := packageName.YourStructName{
    ExportedField: 2,
  }
```
And it'll zero out `unexportedField` (so it equals 0).
If you try to access `unexportedField` like-

```go
  thisIsAVariable := packageName.YourStructName{
    ExportedField: 2,
  }

  fmt.Println(thisIsAVariable.unexportedField)
```
You'll get an error for trying to use `unexportedField`. You can only use `ExportedField` in _other_ packages, but both fields are avaliable within the package YourStructName is declares in.

You access the fields of a struct with `.`, whether it's a pointer of that type or not. The `.` works the same on pointer and non pointer variables, so for pointers it always goes `(*pointer).VariableName`. In the following example, accessing `SomeVariable` on both the pointer and non-pointer give the same result.
```go
type SomeStruct struct {
  SomeVariable int
}

implementation := SomeStruct { SomeVariable: 2 }
fmt.Println(implementation.SomeVariable)

implementationPointer := &implementation
fmt.Println(implementationPointer.SomeVariable)
```

## Really Basic Interface Stuff
Interfaces are a kind of generic-y thing. Basically, you say "structs can be of this type if they implement these methods", and then you can store multiple types of struct in the interface type.

```go
type InterfaceName interface {
  ThisIsTheFunctionName()
}

func (s SomeStruct)ThisIsTheFunctionName() {
  fmt.Println("the function is called")
}
```
Now SomeStruct can be of type InterfaceName.

```go
var someVar SomeInterface
someVar = SomeStruct{SomeVariable: 2}
someVar.SomeFunctions()
// the function is called is printed
```

You can declare the interface implementation on pointers of the type, too.
```go
// Note the star
func (s *SomeStruct)ThisIsTheFunctionName() {
  fmt.Println("the function is called")
}
```
If a method is declared for a non pointer type, it's declared for the pointer type, but if it's declared *only* for the pointer type, it is *not* declared for a non pointer type. So, doing
```go
func (s *SomeStruct) ThisIsTheFunctionName() {
	fmt.Println("i did the thing")
}

func main() {
	someVar := SomeStruct{SomeVariable: 2}
	someVar.ThisIsTheFunctionName()
}
```
Will give you the error `SomeStruct does not implement SomeInterface (ThisIsTheFunctionName method has pointer receiver)`, because Go only knows what to do with `*SomeStruct`, and not `SomeStruct`.

## Some Not Very Basic Interface Stuff, but Talked About Basically
So I kind of made a mess of explaining this, but interfaces are stored internally in Go as
```go
type _interface struct {
	dynamicTypeInfo *_implementation
	dynamicValue    unsafe.Pointer
}
```
`dynamicTypeInfo` is a struct of some stuff about the type of interface and struct, and `dynamicValue` is a pointer of the actual data stored in the interface (so from the above example, dereferncing this would get you `{SomeVariable: 2}`). There's a whole bunch of verbose stuff [here](https://www.tapirgames.com/blog/golang-interface-implementation) if you really want to read about it, but I think knowing an interface stores a pointer and some information about the type will be more than sufficient for agesssss, unless you're doing some really wild [reflect](https://golang.org/pkg/reflect/) stuff (and if they ask you to do some `reflect` stuff (Go's version of generics), ASK THEM TO PAIR WITH YOU AND EXPLAIN IT. `reflect` seems like, alright when you're just looking at it, but it can get really overwhelming and confusing really quickly, so make sure they help you!!!)
